CODE REVIEW of Sprint 2 by Alex Contreras 9/18/21:
CCycleSprinte: I like the idea of doing the Sprite Cycle with Linked Lists, should be good for what we want. Although I don't think we'll have a use for the command moving forward after this Sprint, it should work for this instance, just something to note.
CplayerPrimaryAttack/SecondaryAttack: The Attack commands seem pretty basic and straightforward, I'm assuming that the primary attack is just the word swing and that the second attack is the item. But if that is the case, we need to check for different test cases and states in both of those classes, but that is not the problem of these commands, of course, just noting for the future.
CReset: Interesting idea to have the reset command be a set of inputs rather than just like one input- that's fine but if we did have a set, let's do the Konami code(up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A, Start) or something like that, because it seems fun
CDamagePlayer: Damage command seems fine, no comments
Command Classes: Obv. the command class files are just shells, but it might be better practice for the future to comment out a general plan for each class, or at least a note that it's still a to-do thing rather than just leaving a throw exemption in the execute method
Interfaces: 
-For the enemy interface, we might need to include an attack() method, as the demo shows enemies that have attacks, so it might be good to include that as a possible method, even if many enemies don't utilize it. 
-Do we know if we need an environment interface? In the long run, it makes sense, but at least for sprint 2 we prob would need it. 
-Does the IItem interface need a draw method? Or is it going to be the individual items' interfaces that handle that? In any case, we need to add each item's interface and each npc/enemy interface as well.
OVERALL: Overall the code seems to be good, no major issues here, just some things to add here and there.

ALL .CS FILES' AUTHOR IS OWEN TISHENKEL