Sprint 2 Reflection - Team Meta Knight - Written by: Alex Clayton, Alex Contreras, Leon Cai
 
Our sprint 2 came together slightly bumpily, but all the necessary parts were constructed when they were needed to.
In the end, everything was combined. We had bursts of productivity when we would meet as a team and on some random
days, as well as at the beginning and end of the sprint, but there were some dry periods where progress would halt
for a few days. Reflecting on the sprint, we thought of some ways to progress more smoothly through the next sprint 
and some issues we ran into.
We tried to plan the whole sprint towards the beginning, but our planning phase was too general. We all believe we 
are good coders, but we did not focus on all the concrete needs for the sprint during our initial planning phase, 
which led to us writing plenty of duplicated code. This led to merge issues later on and wasted work by people whose 
newly written code was implemented by someone else already. Similarly, we had some issues keeping our main branch and 
individual branches updated with our most recent changes. Some of us wanted to upload larger amounts at once rather than 
pushing small bits of code, which complicated these merge issues and made it hard to keep track of how much progress was 
being made on a day-to-day basis.
We plan to address this planning issue by fully documenting every feature we want to include in our next sprint at the 
beginning rather than only recording the ideas of what we want to do. For example, we would document that we want a working 
Enemy. From there, we would write out every part of an enemy that needs to be implemented from a glance: movement, 
attacking, animations, state, etc. From there, we can further divide a feature into what we need to do to implement it and 
discuss what game design patterns and elements we may need to use to get it working successfully while having to refactor 
minimal code in the future. After documenting each feature, we can draw connections on what code may interact and possible 
ways we can refactor initially to avoid problems. We can then assign specific tasks to group members and divide & conquer. 
Planning out everything that needs to be done more concretely will significantly benefit our team and will allow us to set 
measurable goals for tasks and deadlines.

Since our team wants to create our own game based on Mario and Jump King, the sprites we need for our end product is totally 
different from what we did in sprint 2. So before starting the next sprint, we plan to make decisions on what features and 
environments are needed in our game and then dig into concrete classes like players, enemies, and items to make those classes fit into our new game.





   BurnChart for Sprint 2:
1. Need to create a decorator class for damage link, the system we have for damage link right now can be improved
2. There is a small bug that occurs after you reset the program, where the sword/items from link’s primary/secondary 
attacks stays out where you had it before you reset the program instead of being right in front of link. Also the 
cycling of the blocks, items, and enemies are disable as well as the animation of the enemy. (Although the projectiles 
do continue to fire from where the enemy was before the reset)
3. Need to convert the registering keyboard keys into a data problem, similar to our sprite factory.
4. Need to create a Game Object Manager to easily update and draw all the objects in the game. It will also greatly decouple 
game0 our god class.  
5. Need to change the concrete enemy and item classes to what they actually should do in the game but not just show each enemy 
and item one by one. (Basically refactoring costs)

   Areas to Improve:
-Try to make comments on files with your name and the date you modified this file.
- Plan more at the beginning of the Sprint and meet more frequently.
- Assign more specific tasks to people
- Coding in groups goes better
- Aim for stricter individual deadlines (measurable goals)
- Better our communication
- Work on doing more code reviews + merging working code frequently
- Make sure to push our code to individual branches to make note of progress.
- Get confirmation from others before pulling to the main branch to avoid any conflicts that may accidentally occur.
- Make sure everyone has a good understanding of code and how it works. I know I struggle with the player because I didn't work 
with it that much but I understand the sprites, texture, and trying to data-drive all of the things pretty well.
- Make more of a push at the beginning of the sprint since the deadline approaches faster than it appears.
- Follow the course website more for additional guidance we might want to use.
