Sprint-5 Reflection Team Meta Knight

For sprint 5, our team worked on our own features which we had some brief ideas in the early semester, so it didn’t take 
that much time for us to come up with a fun idea. We started to work on this sprint as soon as we sent Professor Kirby 
the detailed information about our vertical Mario.
 
In this sprint, we had our initial team meeting on 11/16/21 and a final meeting on 12/5/21 via zoom, besides these two 
meetings we mainly discussed our progress during class meeting time or via discord channel. Although we did not do many 
video meetings, we talked about our own problems efficiently in the discord channel and would get help in short times. At 
this time, we reminded our teammates to do code reviews earlier to make sure we do not lose points because of lack of code 
review.
 
For the first week, we focused on the burndown chart from sprint 4 noticed in the Trello dashboard and some new bugs 
while adding more enemies to the game. Also, we wrote the detailed plan on sprint 5 to Professor Kirby to make sure we 
can get to our new features after fixing existing bugs. For the second week, we slowed our steps because it was 
Thanksgiving break. We had a nice break and were back to work that weekend, specifically, we fixed damage transition 
sprites, added moving koopa shells, and a feature spawning multiple objects along the y-axis. For the third week, we 
mainly focused on creating vertical Mario. Things we did related to our new features are new camera, new level, new 
sprites, new game states, level transitions, and new enemies. Also, we made small changes about timers and fps counters. 
For the last week before the demo, our team had our final meeting on Sunday night to talk about how to improve our game 
and existing bugs so far. We worked on the final boss for vertical Mario, enemy AI, and more enemies to make the game more 
challenging.
 
Our teammates did an excellent job for this sprint. We could see improvements in our coding as we reach the end of 
semester. And most important, we get used to working with groups and sharing ideas with others, which is an essential 
skill when we go to industry.






Burndown chart:

1. A bug that occurs when you hold jump near a wall
2. A bug when you’re little mario and you’re doing the wall jump clip, you can clip into blocks
3. Make a pause/resume and mute button
4. Pause Screen UI
5. Make items move up when you hit the block
6. A bug that occurs when you run past the flag pole instead of jump and go down it
7. Implementation of gamepad for the game
8. For recreation of 1-1 would have to make the underground area with a pipe transition
9. Make Bowser's fire, not the same fireballs that come from fire flower mario  
10. Bowser currently floats
11. Small mario can't kick the shell, he dies
12. The final screen has the victory song loop forever
13. We didn't add sound for enemies getting stomped
14. We didn't add sound for fireball coming out
15. We didn't add sound for mario getting hurt
